manual: add/update information about reference configurations (#1760)
NotAShelf/nvf: docs/manual/index.md

> downloading language servers, formatters, and more. If CPU time and bandwidth
> are concerns, please use the default package instead.

### Maintainer Configurations {#sec-maintainer-configs}

#### NotAShelf {#sec-maintainer-config-notashelf}

> > [NotAShelf](https://github.com/NotAShelf)

Author: @NotAShelf plz a quote about your config

> [Configuration]()

Author: @NotAShelf Is your config not public?

#### Horriblename {#sec-maintainer-config-horriblename}

> > my config is a single 1k line file abomination I don't think they should learn

Author: @horriblename wanna fix any typos in your quote? I've just pulled it from matrix "as is"

> from me xd
>
> [@horriblename](https://github.com/horriblename)

[Configuration](https://github.com/horriblename/dots.nix/blob/master/modules/home/terminal/nvim/nvf.nix#L75)

#### Soliprem {#sec-maintainer-config-soliprem}

> > [@Soliprem](https://github.com/soliprem)

Author: @Soliprem I need a Quote from you

> downloading language servers, formatters, and more. If CPU time and bandwidth
> are concerns, please use the default package instead.

### Maintainer Configurations {#sec-maintainer-configs}

#### NotAShelf {#sec-maintainer-config-notashelf}

> TODO
>
> [NotAShelf](https://github.com/NotAShelf)

[Configuration]()

#### Horriblename {#sec-maintainer-config-horriblename}

> > my config is a single 1k line file abomination I don't think they should learn

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> my config is a 1k line, single-file abomination, I don't think you should learn from me xd
```
